the major negatives or detriments to this type of work. Some of them are
fairly obvious. Time away from your family. If your operational tempo
is high, you're gonna spend a lot of time away. Depending on what
type of squadron you're in, you're gonna have to do a lot of training
even if you're not deployed and that training and take you away.
Uh, that that's that can be trying that can be trying. Um, the other
side of it is is kind of more of on intellectual idea. The military
is you, as you can tell us, expects conformity. A lot of ways. Thinking
outside the box is not has not always sought, sought after their
situations where that is. But usually conformity is what is what
they want. And if you have a curiosity and questioning nature than
it can be very frustrating. And you also that doesn't get you as far
as you might like on a career path, I'd say eso so while it is good
to question, while it's good to be curious and asked, why are we doing
this? Cause that's the typical question. Uh, constantly doing that
can kind of give you a sour reputation, so you just need to be careful
in how you do it